Richard Madeley: because if you are a Marxist
thenyou're into revolution and intobringing
down Capitalism - so are you or aren't you?
Mike Lynch: Richard you do come up with the
most remarkabletwaddle sometimes
Richard Madeley: to be absolutely clear
you are not a Marxist... fine... (GMB - ITV)
Kirsty Wark: would you be prepared to
negotiate with the Tory government, yes or no?
Mick Lynch: absolutely
(BBC Newsnight)
Mick Lynch: the whole country is suffering and we
have got a membership and a trade union that is
prepared to fight for what we've got. what the rest
of the country suffers from is the lack of power
the lack of the ability to organize and the lack
of the wherewithal to take on these employers
that are continually driving down wages and
making the working class in this country poorer
year on year on year while the rich get richer
and dividends are accelerated and the stock market
is reasonably healthy we've got full employment
tomorrow we've got full employment and falling
wages and that is a situation that has never
happened before and it cannot be tolerated
by working people or by the trade union
movement (BBC news)
Mick Lynch: that's just stuff that's written in conservative
central office forbackbench MP's to spout
Jonathon Gullis MP: No sorry to Veterans Mick?
Mick Lynch: i don't want this disruption i don't
wantpeople to be inconvenienced (interupted)
I want settlement of this dispute i can't do that with
a backbench MP who's just learned it off a script
Jo Coburn: Well et him respond to that...
(BBC - Politics Live)
Kay Burleigh: No Mr Lynch, I'm sorry if you feel
theneed to ridicule me but i'm just askingyou
what you expect your members
to do if agency workers..
Mick Lynch: Your questions are verging into the
nonsense, We will Picket (Sky News)
Jenny Chapman MP: Actually Mick you don't know
anything about mybackground or my community
or where i come from... so
Mike Lynch: I can't even see you i don't know who you are
Jenny: don't tell me who i am and whether or not i'm
working class or whatever any of those thoughts
Mike: i didn't say you weren't working class
I don't even know your name
Jo Coburn: well shouldn't youMick? (BBC Politics Live)
Mick Lynch: many employers are taking this opportunity
they're using what is a temporary phenomenon Covid
and the temporary phenomenon of people being told
not to go to work as a smoke screen to get rid
of decent conditions decent pay rates and decent
agreements and nobody in our community should
tolerate that from this government of billionaires
who tell everyone else they've got to tighten
their belts while they're raking it in (Sky News)
um i was watching that obviously when um when
he was doing this stuff a couple of weeks ago
um what what for me as someone who does the
media it's very funny to watch because what
it really highlights um and i think maybe most
people don't really realise this is basically how
many of the people you see on the news:
thepresenters, the panellists, the experts
the vast majority of those people do not
have any particularly strong knowledge on
the thing that they're talking about at any given
point in time you know so you saw the presenter
what is it, the sky news presenter Kate Burleigh
is it? She would have just been givenlike
a little like flat sheet that morning youknow
and she would have read that with 10 other
stories and i mean she's read like she's probably
done like 10 minutes of reading about that okay
and this guy Mick Lynch it's his job right, itshis
life he knows everything about thesestrikes
right but it's not just her idon't want
to like single her out right
if there's an MP, that MP would have done
20-30 minutes reading on that thing you know
and even when you get like experts who get
called in those experts the kind of oneswho go
on the news they're sort of generic media
commentator experts you know they might have some
broad knowledge in a particular area but
they don't know anything about these
particular strikes so what you actually see
when you watch the news and it's kind of
mad when you think about it is you are watching a
conversation between three or four or five people
talking about an important issue and none of
those people actually has much understanding
of that issue and what you've had here is this guy
mick lynch who is a complete expert walking in and
just being like well that thing's wrong that thing
you said is wrong you're full of nonsense like
this stuff you're talking is just so nonsense
and um it highlights really this absurd situation
that we have in the media and the news where the
level of especially in economics i mean economics
is the area i'm an expert so i can tell you
with absolute certainty right in economics
almost everything you hear on the news above
like absolute basic level of simplicity is just
useless you might as well ignore it and often
even the simplest stuff at basic level is wrong
you know if you look at what's happening now with
the cost of living crisis the government gave out
450 billion pounds to the rich unbelievably huge
amount of money - £10,000 per person
so the average rich person is getting
like a £100,000-£200,000 cash
and that was always obviously going to cause
a crash of inflation then the inflation crisis
happens and everyone's like oh my god how
did this happen you know that can only happen
when you have a system like we have now which is
basically rotten all the way through where every
single person in that system has no understanding
and no level of knowledge right um and i think
that is really ultimately the obvious consequence
of this system economic system we've built how we
give jobs up which is all the jobs basically go
based on who you know and what your background is
and nobody's actually considering well
should we get some actual genuine experts
you know so this guy Mick Lynch, genuine
expert knows his stuff, he comes in
and he can just walk he can just wipethe
floor with all of these people because they
have no idea what's really happening youknow
and uh you know we'll talk about the strikes
themselves i think it's important people realise
what's happening you know when the government
prints that amount of money effectively what
they're doing is devaluing the currency and when
they give it to rich people effectively what they're
doing is massively increasing inequality right
so then you see this situation where the rich
make an enormous amount of money the fastest
ever increase in millionaire billionaire wealth
ever in the country and ordinary people can't
afford to pay the bills right and all the
prices go up you know let's let's be clear
inflation is coming up to ten percent now and
you know most of the people watching will not
have received 10 increases in their pay you know i
think most people will be lucky if they're getting
three or four percent that means in real terms
people's pays fall in six percent seven percent
at the same time as the billionaires have
never ever ever made more money so it should
in my opinion never in the history of economics
has it been more obvious what needs to be done you
know the government gave a ton of money to rich
people that is destroying the lives of poor and
ordinary people you need to take the money back
from the rich people and use that to support the
lives of poor and ordinary people you know in that
sense we want the same thing but i think more than
anything what it highlights is that we've created
an economics media which for one of a better term
is [__] basically and it just takes one guy who
actually knows his stuff to come in and highlight
how little these guys know and um you know it's
important that people know what's really happening
because what has really happened is really
really hurt more than every people you know
that is basically like the mission of this channel
and that's the reason why i decided to start this
channel you know i was writing i was writing
for newspapers and i was appearing in the media
and i started to realize like you know this is
this is like a room full of idiots and it's not
a space from which we can actually tell people
what's really happening you know so you know
good on Mick Lynch & you know it's nice to see
somebody who i dunno his background but seems
to be from an ordinary background coming in with a
genuine knowledge actually being given a platform
for once and you know i wish it happened more um
but it highlights you know how bad information
people are receiving is and it highlights how
important what we are doing is because i don't see
anybody else giving genuine reliable information
about the economy to ordinary people and if people
don't know what's happening people can't stop it
and if we don't stop this it's going to get worse
at the moment these guys are profiting from a
crisis that is going to keep our economy in the
stump for 50 years there is one other thing
they can do with that mass amount of income
they can buy your mom's house
you